[Term Entry] Python Math Module comb() #4348 (#4885)
Codecademy/docs: content/python/concepts/math-module/terms/math-comb/math-comb.md

---
Title: 'math.comb()'
Description: 'Finds out how many unordered choices can be made in order to choose "k" amount of items from "n" number of items.'
Subjects:
  - 'Data Science'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Functions'
  - 'Math'
  - 'Combinations'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/analyze-data-with-python'
---

**Math.comb()** function allows you to find out how many unordered choices can be possibly made in order to choose 'k' amount of items from 'n' number of items.

## Syntax

```pseudo
math.comb(n, k)
```

> where: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>     n, k - non-negative integers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `n`: A non-negative integer that represents the total number of items.
- `k`: A non-negative integer that represents the number of items to choose.
```

Reviewer: Elaborated both the parameters in the required format:
- `parameter1`: its description
- `parameter2`: its description

>   The result returned is a non-negative integer value that represents the number of ways in which we can make k number of choices out of n number of items without any repetition or order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The result returned is a non-negative integer representing the number of ways to choose `k` items from `n` items without regard to order or repetition
```

Reviewer: Avoid using "you", "we" and other pronouns

## Example 

> We use 'math.comb(n,k)' to find the number of unordered choices made to choose 'k' items from 'n' items. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows the use of `.comb()` function:
```

Reviewer: Since we've already said the "choose k items from n items" a few times above.

```py
import math 

n = 10
k = 4 

no_of_choices = math.comb(n,k)
print(f"Total ways to choose: ", no_of_choices)
```

This bit of code gives out the following output: 
```shell
Total ways to choose: 210
```

## Codebyte Example

> Run the example given below that uses 'math.comb()' in order to find out in how many ways can someone choose 'k' number of flowers from 'n' number of flowers. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the example given below that uses `comb()` in order to find out in how many ways can someone choose `k` number of flowers from `n` number of flowers. 
```
